Bapin: The devices we use now have become
smaller and smaller.
Nothing is the 20 pounds of years ago.
Now our devices are
as light as a pound or less.
So times have changed.
[music plays]
Bryan: Assistive technology
is a kind of tool or system
to give us access in our
everyday lives and our workplace
to level the playing field
with our able-bodied peers.
Chris: Without assistive technology,
I would not have been able
to teach very well.
Scott: It comes back to now I have
equal access to the information.
Equal access to communication.
And I'm able to be
the person that I want to be.
[music plays]
Scott: I have my braille
display paired to my iPhone.
Chris: I can use the camera to zoom in on the
label and read the words much more easily.
Bapin: I could write on paper,
but I couldn't read.
Using the Perkins Brailler to type braille
meant that I could review
what I was writing.
I was thrilled.
[music plays]
Chris: My name is Chris Woodfill.
Scott: Hi, my name is Scott Davert.
Bryan: My name is Bryan Ward.
Bapin: I am Anindya Bhattacharyya.
But I am more often
known by my nickname, Bapin.
Bryan: Honestly, for me,
without assistive technology,
my life would be very isolated.
Scott: It connects me with people.
It makes me feel more included in society
than just sitting home doing nothing.
Technology, thank you, thank you, thank you.
I now feel like I'm
more of a full person again.
[music ends]